Update Network layer protection guidance in CAEP Interoperability Profile (#213)
openid/sharedsignals: openid-caep-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

## Network layer protection
* The SSF transmitter MUST offer TLS protected endpoints and MUST establish connections to other servers using TLS. TLS connections MUST be set up to use TLS version 1.2 or later.

> * When using TLS 1.2 or later, follow the recommendations for Secure Use of Transport Layer Security in [RFC9325]{{RFC9325}}.

Reviewer: As only 1.2 or later can be used, probably don't need that qualifier, I'd suggest:

```suggestion
* The SSF transmitter MUST follow the recommendations for Secure Use of Transport Layer Security in [RFC9325]{{RFC9325}}.
```

Author: I adapted the change. Doesn't the same apply for the receiver?

Reviewer: oh good point! I guess it should have an 'and receiver'?
